## Amazon Leetcode Question [Total 81 question]

[1] Two Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/

[2] Add Two Numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/

[3] Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/

[5] Longest Palindromic Substring
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/

[8] String to Integer (atoi)
https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/

[15] 3Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/

[17] Letter Combinations of a Phone Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/

[20] Valid Parentheses
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/

[21] Merge Two Sorted Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/

[23] Merge k Sorted Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/

[42] Trapping Rain Water
https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/

[48] Rotate Image
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/

[49] Group Anagrams
https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/

[73] Set Matrix Zeroes
https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/

[78] Subsets
https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/

[89] Gray Code
https://leetcode.com/problems/gray-code/

[98] Validate Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/

[102] Binary Tree Level Order Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/

[119] Pascal's Triangle II
https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/

[121] Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/

[126] Word Ladder II
https://leetcode.com/problems/word-ladder-ii/

[127] Word Ladder
https://leetcode.com/problems/word-ladder/

[138] Copy List with Random Pointer
https://leetcode.com/problems/copy-list-with-random-pointer/

[139] Word Break
https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/

[141] Linked List Cycle
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/

[146] LRU Cache
https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/

[155] Min Stack
https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/

[160] Intersection of Two Linked Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/

[167] Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/

[186] Reverse Words in a String II
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string-ii/

[189] Rotate Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/

[199] Binary Tree Right Side View
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-right-side-view/

[200] Number of Islands
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/

[204] Count Primes
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-primes/

[206] Reverse Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/

[215] Kth Largest Element in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array/

[234] Palindrome Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/

[235] Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/

[236] Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/

[238] Product of Array Except Self
https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/

[239] Sliding Window Maximum
https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/

[240] Search a 2D Matrix II
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix-ii/

[242] Valid Anagram
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/

[297] Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/

[355] Design Twitter
https://leetcode.com/problems/design-twitter/

[380] Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)
https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-delete-getrandom-o1/

[387] First Unique Character in a String
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/

[396] Rotate Function
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-function/

[414] Third Maximum Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/third-maximum-number/

[438] Find All Anagrams in a String
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-anagrams-in-a-string/

[449] Serialize and Deserialize BST
https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-bst/

[451] Sort Characters By Frequency
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-characters-by-frequency/

[459] Repeated Substring Pattern
https://leetcode.com/problems/repeated-substring-pattern/

[460] LFU Cache
https://leetcode.com/problems/lfu-cache/

[508] Most Frequent Subtree Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/most-frequent-subtree-sum/

[516] Longest Palindromic Subsequence
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-subsequence/

[517] Super Washing Machines
https://leetcode.com/problems/super-washing-machines/

[529] Minesweeper
https://leetcode.com/problems/minesweeper/

[532] K-diff Pairs in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/k-diff-pairs-in-an-array/

[534] Game Play Analysis III
https://leetcode.com/problems/game-play-analysis-iii/

[535] Encode and Decode TinyURL
https://leetcode.com/problems/encode-and-decode-tinyurl/

[536] Construct Binary Tree from String
https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-string/

[537] Complex Number Multiplication
https://leetcode.com/problems/complex-number-multiplication/

[538] Convert BST to Greater Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-bst-to-greater-tree/

[545] Boundary of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/boundary-of-binary-tree/

[553] Optimal Division
https://leetcode.com/problems/optimal-division/

[579] Find Cumulative Salary of an Employee
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-cumulative-salary-of-an-employee/

[606] Construct String from Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-string-from-binary-tree/

[617] Merge Two Binary Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-binary-trees/

[640] Solve the Equation
https://leetcode.com/problems/solve-the-equation/

[645] Set Mismatch
https://leetcode.com/problems/set-mismatch/

[646] Maximum Length of Pair Chain
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-length-of-pair-chain/

[661] Image Smoother
https://leetcode.com/problems/image-smoother/

[662] Maximum Width of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-width-of-binary-tree/

[663] Equal Tree Partition
https://leetcode.com/problems/equal-tree-partition/

[675] Cut Off Trees for Golf Event
https://leetcode.com/problems/cut-off-trees-for-golf-event/

[682] Baseball Game
https://leetcode.com/problems/baseball-game/

[692] Top K Frequent Words
https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-words/

[694] Number of Distinct Islands
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-distinct-islands/

[711] Number of Distinct Islands II
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-distinct-islands-ii/

[725] Split Linked List in Parts
https://leetcode.com/problems/split-linked-list-in-parts/